Robin Cornett is the founder of CCPROS. He has multiple degrees in business and law, has founded and run many different companies across multiple industries, and has seen success and failure. CCPROS was originally started to constinue Mr. Cornetts work in the sbuilding industry as a contractor and designer. With the advancement of AI Mr. Cornetts focus quickly shifted the company toward technology driven business initiatives. 

Over the next few years Mr. Cornett would be forced to take on several legal cases in Federal and State Courts to protect his child, himself, people with disabilities, and hold the courts and prvate individuals responsible for their crimes and the harm they caused. This is an ongoing battle for Mr. Cornett whos child was stolen from him out of retaliation for standing up for his rights. "Constitutional and Human Rights are non-negotiable. When Courts and public defense offices are overwhelmed and short staffed important steps get skipped, attorneys rush to settle sacrificing their clients liberties often because they didnt take the time to analyze the case thoroughly and damage is ultimately caused. In just a few short months of dealing with the local courts I have seen willful neglect by attorneys and judges, court clerks interfering in judicial functions, willfull and open discrimination in court proceedings, theft of protected identity documents by court staff, unlawful supression of evidence by the judiciary, and so much more. This has to end because at this point every case involving family law and public defense could probably be appealed by one party or the other" -R. Cornett.

Because of these discoveries, in early 2023 Mr. Cornett decided to redirect the tech company into a joint effort to create new and exciting tech and gear that tech toward solving these type of problems and level the playing field for all people. 